d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\le\AgentWatchFace1.exe
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\be\AgentWatchFace1.exe
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\le\AgentWatchFace1.pdb
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\be\AgentWatchFace1.pdb
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\AgentWatchFace1.exe
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\AgentWatchFace1.pdb
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\le\AgentWatchFace1.pe
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\le\AgentWatchFace1.pdbx
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\be\AgentWatchFace1.pe
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\bin\Debug\be\AgentWatchFace1.pdbx
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\AgentWatchFace1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\AgentWatchFace1.Resources.resources
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\AgentWatchFace1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\AgentWatchFace1.Resources.tinyresources
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\be\AgentWatchFace1.pe
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\be\AgentWatchFace1.pdbx
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\le\AgentWatchFace1.pe
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\le\AgentWatchFace1.pdbx
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\AgentWatchFace1.exe
d:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AgentWatchFace1\AgentWatchFace1\obj\Debug\AgentWatchFace1.pdb
